=head1 NAME

Mojolicious::Plugin::JSUrlFor - Mojolicious "url_for" helper for javascript

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  # Mojolicious
  $self->plugin('JSUrlFor');

  # Mojolicious::Lite
  plugin 'JSUrlFor';
  
  # In you application
  my $r = $self->routes;
  $r->get('/messages/:message_id')->to('messages#show')->name('messages_show');

  # In your layout template
  <head>
  <%= js_url_for%>
  </head>

  # In your javascript
  $.getJSON( url_for( 'messages_show', {message_id: 123} ), params, function() { ... } )
  

  # Instead of helper you can use generator for generating static file
  ./your_app.pl generate js_url_for public/static/url_for.js
  
   # And then in your layout template
  <head>
    <script type="text/javascript" src='/static/url_for.js'> </script>
  </head>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

I like Mojlicious routes. And one feature that I like most is that you can name your routes. 
So, you can change your routes without rewriting a single line of dependent code. Of course this works if you
use routes names in all of your code. You can use routes name everywhere except... javascript.
But with <LMojolicious::Plugin::JSUrlFor> you can use routes names really everywhere. 
This plugin support mounted (see <LMojolicious::Plugin::Mount> ) apps too.

L<Mojolicious::Plugin::JSUrlFor> contains only one helper that add ulr_for function to your client side javascript.

=head1 HELPERS

=head2 C<js_url_for>

In templates <%= js_url_for %>

This helper will add url_for function to your client side javascript.

In "production" mode this helper will cache generated code for javascript "url_for" function

=head1 GENERATORS

=head2 C<js_url_for>

./your_app.pl generate js_url_for $relative_file_name

This command will create $relative_file_name file with the same content as "js_url_for" helper creates.
Then you should include this file into your layout template with "script" tag. 

=head1 METHODS

L<Mojolicious::Plugin::JSUrlFor> inherits all methods from
L<Mojolicious::Plugin> and implements the following new ones.

=head2 C<register>

  $plugin->register;

Register plugin in L<Mojolicious> application.

=head1 AUTHOR

Viktor Turskyi <koorchik@cpan.org>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to Github L<https://github.com/koorchik/Mojolicious-Plugin-JSUrlFor/>

Also you can report bugs to CPAN RT

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Mojolicious>, L<Mojolicious::Guides>, L<http://mojolicio.us>.

=cut
